Aaron - Google Data arts	career	How do artists approach engineering?	NO
Aaron - data experience	narrative	How is meaning extracted from big data?	NO
Aaron - exquisite forest	crowdsourcing	How does the crowd become a collaborator?	NO
Aaron - experience design	experience design	How can software enhance real world experiences?	NO
Andres - Less beautiful than it could be	science	Why doesn't science value aesthetics?	NO
Binx - Background	beginnings	How did you start?	NO
Bruce - Pointcloud world	virtual reality	What does it feel like to be made of voxels?	NO
Bruce - find the inner wellspring	creativity	What sustains our creativity?	NO
Casey - Systems theory	emergence	How does complexity emerge from simple rules?	YES
Casey - pushing software beyond	community	How did the Processing community take shape?	NO
Casey - Software is what i love the most	software	Why use code as a design tool?	NO
Casey - branching off branching	improvization	How do you make creative decisions?	NO
Casey - Ideally it goes beyond my imagination	generative art	Is an artwork ever done?	YES
Casey - Programming at 26	programming	What motivated you to learn programming?	NO
Casey - Developing a microworld	cosmogeny	How do you build a universe?	NO
Casey - Developing a microworld	world building	Why recreate the world inside a computer?	NO
Casey - You need noise	organic	What is the missing ingredient?	NO
Casey - Something new, totally engrossing	future of cinema	What is the future of cinema?	NO
Elliot_UK - 2D vision in a 3D world	vision	How does the world appear in the eyes of a computer?	NO
Fernanda - History flow 3	collective intelligence	How do groups of people think together?	NO
Fernanda - seeing patterns 1	data visualization	How does the eye process information?	NO
Fernanda - seeing patterns 2	gestalt	What is gestalt?	NO
Fernanda - Google plus 2	viral	How do memes spread?	NO
Fernanda - what is data	data	What is data?	YES
Golan - would be boring	serendipity	Is it possible to engineer the unexpected?	NO
Higa - sound and video	audiovisualization	What does music look like?	YES
Jen - MathMajor 1	beginnings	How did you start?	NO
Jen - data truth	truth	Does data lie?	NO
Jen - immersion in data	data	How can data become more accessible?	NO
JTNimoy - I addicted myself	coding	How do you become a hacker?	NO
JTNimoy - Cortex	videogames	How do videogames change the way we see?	YES
JTNimoy - one of us	collaboration	What is the Scenius?	NO
Julia - community	communty	What defines this community?	NO
Julia - CLOUDS	clouds	What is CLOUDS?	NO
Julian - mixing code	open source	What is open source all about?	NO
Karolina - Journey	journey	Where are we going?	NO
Karsten - parallel processing	computer	What's the future of computing?	NO
Karsten - east german hardware 1	beginnings	How did you start?	NO
Karsten - code is information	code	What is code?	NO
Karsten - programming is...	programming	What does it feel like to program?	NO
Karsten - infinite conversation	clouds	How does this story end?	YES
Kevin - Tools of perception	perception	How have algorithms tranformed the experience of art?	NO
Kyle_CH - Avatars	virtua	Is virtual reality a place we want to inhabit?	NO
Kyle_CH - coding, magic	digital meets physical	How do algorithms alter reality?	NO
Kyle_MC - they all wear the same glasses	creative coders	How would an anthropologist identify this tribe?	NO
Lauren - Constructed self	identity	How does your avatar differ from your real world self?	NO
Lauren - Beginning art and tech	beginnings	How does this story begin?	YES
Maeda - simplicity and complexity	simplicity	Why keep it simple?	NO
Maeda - mentors	mentors	How does one pay homage to mentors?	NO
Maeda - Life in four quarters	time	How do you think about time?	NO
Maeda - Clouds	clouds	What is Clouds?	NO
Marcus - Audiovisual glue	audiovisualization	How does music influence visual expression?	NO
Marcus - simulation to stories	storytelling	What hasn't been done yet?	NO
Marcus - global conversation	consciousness	What will happen when the Singularity arrives?	NO
Marius - these things are in my head	creativity	Where does abstraction originate?	NO
Marius - Continuous process of exploration	generative art	Is an artwork ever done?	NO
Marius - gardening	gardening	Is a generative artwork ever truly done?	NO
Marius - constraining randomness	gardening	Is a generative artwork ever truly done?	NO
Philip - changes your thinking	thinking with code	How does programming change the way you think?	NO
Philip - build the whole universe	cosmogeny	How do you build a universe?	NO
Ramsey - a hundred million	computation	How does programming change the way you think?	NO
Ramsey - computation is interpretation of rules	computation	What is computation?	NO
Shantell - Coding gesturally	sketching	How do you sketch with code?	NO
Shantell - circularity	sketching	How do you "sketch" with code?	NO
Shantell - Future gesture	gesture	How does music influence the image?	NO
Shiffman - Maybe I'd like that	beginnings	How did you start?	NO
Shiffman - sketching with code	feedback	How does programming become addictive?	NO
Shiffman - Not a visual thinker	sketching	what can you make with a computer that's impossible by hand?	NO
Shiffman - what computers can do	process	How do computers speed up the creative process?	NO
Shiffman - what computers can do	sketching	what can you make with a computer that you can't accomplish by hand?	NO
Shiffman - nature of code book	cosmogeny	How do you build a universe?	NO
Shiffman - make it random	randomness	How is randomness useful as a tool?	NO
Shiffman - offers me a way to think	thinking with code	How does the computer enhance creativity?	NO
Shiffman - NOC 2	simulation	How does software simulate nature?	NO
Vera - Playing with a system	play	How is play essential to the process?	NO
Vera - Energy Flow2	society	How does your artwork respond to current events?	NO
Vera - Accessibility through strories	storytelling	Why do humans create stories?	NO
Vera - What I like about this field	community	What binds you to this community?	NO
Zach - hate working alone	working with others	Why collaborate?	NO
Zach - Time slows down	zen	How do you know when it's working?	NO
Zach - Fucking boring	programming	What's enjoyable about programmming?	NO
Zach - Open Frameworks 3	struggle with technology	What barriers stand in the way of learning to code?	NO
Zach - more poetry, less demo	tech-demo	When does an experiment become an artwork?	NO
Memo_master - Deadline 1	generative art	When is an artwork done?	NO
Memo_master - 10yearsOld 1	beginnings	How did you start?	NO
Intro - BuildingWorlds	cosmogeny	How do you create a digital universe?	NO
Intro - CodingSketching	sketching	How do you sketch with code?	YES
Intro - Collaboration	community	How does the network accelerate creativity?	NO
Intro - Computers	thinking	Do computers make us smarter?	YES
Intro - CriticalPractices	critical engineering	How does academic research inform creative technology ?	NO
Intro - Interfaces	interfaces	What's the ultimate interface?	NO
Intro - KinectFutureCamera	machine vision	What is the camera of the future?	NO
Intro - Learning	programming	What does it feel like to program?	NO
Intro - LogicOfPixels	coding	How can the logic of coding be creative?	NO
Intro - Programming	programming	Is programming a waste of time?	NO
Intro - Sharing	open source	What is open source all about?	NO
Intro - VirtualReality	real and virtual	Have we hacked reality?	YES
